Indonesia plans to move its capital city from Jakarta, according to the country's planning minister.

Indonesia's Minister of National Development and Planning Board Chief, Bambang Brodjonegoro, said President Joko Widodo favored a plan to relocate the capital from Jakarta to outside of Java Island, according to CNN Indonesia, but that the government has not yet formally decided an exact location.


According to Reuters, Brodjonegoro said on Monday that the administration was considering the eastern side of the archipelago as the destination for the new capital.However, such a move could take up to 10 years, he said,

Jakarta is home to more than 10 million people according to the United Nations, with an estimated 30 million in the greater metropolitan area.

Jakarta is also one of the fastest sinking cities in the world, according to the not-for-profit organization The World Economic Forum.The nation is prone to flooding and is sinking at an alarming rate due to over-extraction of groundwater.

Brodjonegoro estimated that government would need the equivalent of 23-33 billion US dollars to move the capital, build new infrastructure and relocate civil servants from Jakarta, CNN Indonesia reported.
Police at the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta have arrested a man posing as a pilot for the Indonesian national flag carrier Garuda at the airport’s Terminal 3. The arrest happened last Friday.
The man has been identified as Alvin Adithya Darmawan. He was wearing a Garuda pilot uniform when he checked in at the Garuda counter at 11:40am on Friday. Besides dressing in full uniform, police say that Alvin was also carrying a Garuda air crew ID.
Alvin was seen wandering around the terminal before heading to a security check point when a real Garuda pilot saw him and became suspicious of Alvin’s behavior.
“Based on his suspicions, the captain then talked to the man, but he replied with unclear answers,” according to kompas.com.
The real captain then reported Alvin to flight security personnel near the check point.
Head of the criminal investigation unit at the airport said Alvin was booked as a passenger on a Garuda flight to Semarang, Central Java. He reportedly told police that he was obsessed with the idea of becoming a pilot.
“When he graduated high school he applied to get into a pilot school but he failed,” James said as quoted by tribunnews.com.
Alvin was detained for questioning on Friday night as police continued their investigation.